Joseph’s
Scenario
Seth- He had just completed his community college and had done several projects for students and teachers alike and had ended up giving him an internship at a local business 
from one of his schools. While at the internship he realizes that he is lacking in some of the knowledge and wants to continue his academic career to actually land him a job 
within the business world. When looking at possible universities he saw the UNCC Scheduler 24.5 app and a brief description that read “... helps students through their academic 
life…” and decided to try it out. Loading into the app he was greeted by a welcome screen of sign-in or create an account. Under the sign-in function there was a UNCC student 
function as he wasn’t a UNCC student he decided to create a new account. After creating an account he was then greeted with a virtual message that would give him a tour of the 
facilities at UNCC and all of the different programs that they taught and offered and then took him back to the main hub. Within the hub there were many options to choose from 
such as schedule events, Map, Course catalog, and many more and notice one at the top that had said New Student and decided to check it out. After clicking the link he then 
had a screen that had many questions on trying to gauge why he had gotten onto the app for a college he didn’t attend asking if he would like to be a student, what major or 
degree would you like to acquire, what for of education do you have and many more and to his realization it was an application and he decided to fill it out. After a few days 
he got an email saying “You got accepted…”

Karen - is just a stay at home mom that takes care of four other kids while she goes to UNCC online and is trying to get a degree in General Education so that she could get a 
teaching job because she really loves kids. After a long day of dealing with the kids and all of their homework she logs into her Scheduler 24.5 app to look at her own 
assignments that she needs to work on, using her UNCC credentials she gets to her home page that has all of the assignments and upcoming tests on the right side of her 
screen in a little window and notices that none of her assignments are not due for another week and decides to do a brief glance at the assignment to further prepare her 
into completing them. After the brief skim of the assignments she decided to take it easy that night since she had been working all day with the kids! Turned on her late 
night shows and poured a glass of wine and decided to relax knowing she had nothing due that night and the upcoming ones for a while.

Derek- After a long sport practice and gym session with his very athletic teammates he had heard some of them saying I cannot wait for the game next Saturday between so 
and so and he got confused because he knew of no gaming happening that weekend and it piqued his interest so he asked “What game?” and his teammates reply “Oh you didn’t 
know the Baseball team is going against our rivals this Saturday and the game is gonna be huge! You should look at it with the Scheduler 24.5.” Later that night Derek 
decided to download the app and was shocked he never knew of such a convenient device, after putting in his UNCC credentials even though he never had an account before 
he was instantly greeted with a welcome what would you like your homepage to include “Upcoming assignments, Sport Events, School Events, Career Fairs, etc..” and was 
overwhelmed that there were so many options. After glancing at all of the content he decided that he would use the Scheduler 24.5 everyday because of how useful it was.

User story
Seth- As a student who already works in the field and wants to continue his education by going to school, he wants to find something that could best take his interests and 
guide him on a path he can take i.e(courses/classes to take and events) at certain schools.

Karen- As a student taking care of four kids along with taking care of their academic life it can be a big hassle so she is looking for an application that can help her 
remember all the upcoming assignments that she either needs to study for or take care of.

Derek- As an athlete for his school, he is too busy training all day for big upcoming events and is looking for something to help remind him of all the big sports events.

Features 
Calendar 
Assignments
Sport Events
School Events
Career Fairs
New User login 
UNCC student login
Linkedin
Resume builder 
